[clang] Fixed Constant Evaluation don't Call Destructor (#140278)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Fix crash due to unknown references and pointer implementation and handling of
  base classes. (GH139452)
- Fixed an assertion failure in serialization of constexpr structs containing unions. (#GH140130)

> - Fix constant evaluation in for loop not calling destructor (#GH139818)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Constant evaluation now correctly runs the destructor of a variable declared in 
  the second clause of a C-style ``for`` loop. (#GH139818)
```
